feat: guidance about test cases (#122)
GoogleCloudPlatform/samples-style-guide: content/en/_index.md

Code snippets should have reasonable test coverage and all critical code paths
should have integration tests that test against the production service.

### 1-to-1 test cases to snippets

Each individual sample method or snippet should have a single dedicated test

> case (test method or function).

Reviewer: And the test case should be in its own file, correct?

Author: Ideally, yes. Golang has a lot of 1-file-to-many-test-cases situations, so I felt a little hypocritical recommending that.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I'm following the guideline being proposed.

It seems like we want 1+ test cases for each sample?

Is this a guideline about avoiding a single test checking multiple samples?

Author: Yes, exactly. We want to avoid having a single test function that checks multiple samples.

See anti-pattern here: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/golang-samples/blob/main/bigtable/writes/writes_test.go

> ### 1-to-1 test cases to snippets
> 
> Each individual sample method or snippet should have a single dedicated test
> case (test method or function).

Reviewer 2: I made an attempt to clarify this guideline. What do you think?

```suggestion
### Dedicated testing per sample {#dedicated-testing-per-sample}

Each test case should cover a single sample.

Multiple related samples may be placed in a shared file with common setup and teardown steps.
```

Code snippets should have reasonable test coverage and all critical code paths
should have integration tests that test against the production service.

### Dedicated testing per sample {#dedicated-testing-per-sample}

Each test case should cover a single sample.

> Multiple related samples may be placed in a shared file with common setup and teardown steps.

Reviewer 3: I don't even allow this in .NET as in the testing framework we use in C# you can share setup and teardown with multiple tests files (or classes).

Author: Thank you for this perspective. I think we might be able to do the same thing in Golang, too ... worth checking out!
